Basic github 

step : 
- git status
- git log
- git add .
- git commit -m "9 test commit" 
- git push -u origin main 



Web Development for Beginners - A Curriculum
Learn the fundamentals of web development with our 12-week comprehensive course by Microsoft Cloud Advocates. Each of the 24 lessons dives into JavaScript, CSS, and HTML through hands-on projects like terrariums, browser extensions, and space games. Engage with quizzes, discussions, and practical assignments. Enhance your skills and optimize your knowledge retention with our effective project-based pedagogy. Start your coding journey today!

🧑‍🎓 Are you a student?
Visit Student Hub page where you will find beginner resources, Student packs and even ways to get a free certificate voucher. This is the page you want to bookmark and check from time to time as we switch out content monthly.

📣 Announcement - New Curriculum on Generative AI for JavaScript was just released
Don't miss our new Generative AI curriculum!

Visit https://aka.ms/genai-js-course to get started!


Lessons covering everything from basics to RAG.
Interact with historical characters using GenAI and our companion app.
Fun and engaging narrative, you'll be time traveling!

Each lesson includes an assignment to complete, a knowledge check and a challenge to guide you on learning topics like:

Prompting and prompt engineering
Text and image app generation
Search apps
Visit https://aka.ms/genai-js-course to get started!

🌱 Getting Started
Teachers, we have included some suggestions on how to use this curriculum. We'd love your feedback in our discussion forum!

Learners, for each lesson, start with a pre-lecture quiz and follow through with reading the lecture material, completing the various activities and check your understanding with the post-lecture quiz.

To enhance your learning experience, connect with your peers to work on the projects together! Discussions are encouraged in our discussion forum where our team of moderators will be available to answer your questions.

To further your education, we highly recommend exploring Microsoft Learn for additional study materials.

📋 Setting up your environment
This curriculum has a development environment ready to go! As you get started you can choose to run the curriculum in a Codespace (a browser-based, no installs needed environment), or locally on your computer using a text editor such as Visual Studio Code.

Create your repository
For you to easily save your work, it is recommended that you create your own copy of this repository. You can do this by clicking the Use this template button at the top of the page. This will create a new repository in your GitHub account with a copy of the curriculum.

Follow these steps:

Fork the Repository: Click on the "Fork" button at the top-right corner of this page.
Clone the Repository: git clone https://github.com/microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners.git
Running the curriculum in a Codespace
In your copy of this repository that you created, click the Code button and select Open with Codespaces. This will create a new Codespace for you to work in.

Create codespace

Running the curriculum locally on your computer
To run this curriculum locally on your computer, you will need a text editor, a browser and a command line tool. Our first lesson, Introduction to Programming Languages and Tools of the Trade, will walk you through various options for each of these tools for you to select what works best for you.

Our recommendation is to use Visual Studio Code as your editor, which also has a built-in Terminal. You can download Visual Studio Code here.

Clone your repository to your computer. You can do this by clicking the Code button and copying the URL:

Copy your repository URL
Then, open Terminal within Visual Studio Code and run the following command, replacing <your-repository-url> with the URL you just copied:

git clone <your-repository-url>
Open the folder in Visual Studio Code. You can do this by clicking File > Open Folder and selecting the folder you just cloned.

Recommended Visual Studio Code extensions:

Live Server - to preview HTML pages within Visual Studio Code
Copilot - to help you write code faster
📂 Each lesson includes:
optional sketchnote
optional supplemental video
pre-lesson warmup quiz
written lesson
for project-based lessons, step-by-step guides on how to build the project
knowledge checks
a challenge
supplemental reading
assignment
post-lesson quiz
A note about quizzes: All quizzes are contained in the Quiz-app folder, 48 total quizzes of three questions each. They are linked from within the lessons the quiz app can be run locally or deployed to Azure; follow the instruction in the quiz-app folder. They are gradually being localized.

